[DOCS-11728] Add self-signed cert troubleshooting item (#30893)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/sources/_index.md

**Note**: The `bytes in per second` metric in the UI is for ingested raw events, not enriched events.

## TLS certificates

Enable TLS for Observability Pipelines to ensure that logs are encrypted during transit and prevent attackers from tampering with your log data.

Observability Pipelines does not accept self-signed certificates by default because self-signed certificates do not provide secure trust verification and can potentially expose your environment to man-in-the-middle attacks.

> To check if your certificate is self signed, run this command:
> 
> ```
> openssl verify -CAfile certificate.pem certificate.pem
> ```
> 
> If the certificate is self signed and verifies against itself, the output is:
> 
> ```
> certificate.pem: OK
> ```

Author: ```suggestion
### Check if your certificate is self signed

To check if your certificate is self signed, run this command:

```
openssl verify -CAfile certificate.pem certificate.pem
```

If the certificate is self signed and verifies against itself, the output is:

```
certificate.pem: OK
```

Otherwise, you see the error `unable to get local issuer certificate`.

```

> If you use a self-signed certificate, the Worker throws the error `unable to get local issuer certificate`. Datadog recommends the following approaches instead:

Author: ```suggestion
Instead of using a self-signed certificate, Datadog recommends the following:
```

**Note**: The `bytes in per second` metric in the UI is for ingested raw events, not enriched events.

## TLS certificates

> Enable TLS for Observability Pipelines to ensure that logs are encrypted during transit and prevent attackers from tampering with your log data.

Author: Great catch, thanks!

> Observability Pipelines does not accept self-signed certificates by default because self-signed certificates do not provide secure trust verification and can potentially expose your environment to man-in-the-middle attacks.

Author: ```suggestion
Observability Pipelines does not accept self-signed certificates by default because they do not provide secure trust verification and can potentially expose your environment to man-in-the-middle attacks.
```

To check if your certificate is self signed, run this command:

```
openssl verify -CAfile certificate.pem certificate.pem
```

If the certificate is self signed and verifies against itself, the output is:

```
certificate.pem: OK
```

Otherwise, you see the error `unable to get local issuer certificate`.

Instead of using a self-signed certificate, Datadog recommends the following:

1. Use a certificate signed by Certificate Authority (CA).
2. If you cannot use a CA-signed certificate, use a certificate from [Let's Encrypt][3].

> If you must use a self-signed certificate because the above approaches are not possible, you can configure your environment to trust the self-signed certificate on the Observability Pipelines Worker host. **Note**: Datadog does not recommend self-signed certificates. They are less secure and are not appropriate for production or internet-facing use.  If you must use self-signed certificates, limit usage to internal testing only.

Author: Great idea, will add it as an alert!
